# Finnish-27-908docs
This repository contains text files saved by the BIGS908 software application.

The BIGS908 software application is a game simulator. The component enables the user to do the following. Load into program memory a user-defined set of game rules saved to a data file by a software application selected from a group consisting of the BIGS907 software application and the BIGS921 software application. Load into program memory a matching-strategy table selected from a group consisting of a set of combination-dependent-playing-strategy tables saved to a data file by the BIGS907 software application and a total-dependent-basic-strategy table saved to a data file by the BIGS921 software application. Use the matching-strategy table to make decisions on how to play the player's hand. Use the predetermined strategy for the play of the dealer's hand specified by the user-defined set of game rules to make decisions on how to play the dealer's hand. Simulate millions of rounds of play of the double exposure game in accordance with the user-defined set of game rules.

The BIGS908 software application enables users to model the behavior of human card counters by programming the computer-controlled player to use a card-counting strategy and by programming the computer-controlled player to use a betting strategy to vary the size of the game wager in response to changes in the card count. The BIGS908 software application provides those skilled in the art with an easy way of identifying the card counting, and betting strategies that human players might attempt to use to gain a theoretical advantage over the house while playing a double-exposure game belonging to the Finnish 27 family of table-card games.

